[pkg/ottl] Add `Year` converter (#33123)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

The `UUID` function generates a v4 uuid string.

### Year

`Year(value)`

> The `Year` Converter returns the year component from the specified time. The Converter [uses the `time.Year` function](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time.Year).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Year` Converter returns the year component from the specified time using the Go stdlib [`time.Year` function](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time.Year).
```

> `value` is a `time.Time`. If `value` is another type an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`value` is a `time.Time`. If `value` is another type, an error is returned.
```
